40 NEW Use Cases You Missed

Most people use Nano Banana Pro for pretty pictures, but this tool is wild. Every day we are exploring new ways to use it. However, many people are basically just scratching the surface. In this video, I will show you new use cases of Nano Banana Pro which will help you with your everyday tasks. Let's get started. First things first, maybe you want to have a little bit of fun, refresh your profile photo. That's very easy to do that. So, here I attach my profile photo and I wrote, "Turn me into a Pixar character that looks like me and I got this amazing result. It did a fantastic job pixarizing my profile photo." Of course, I didn't stop here. I wrote, "Now turn this character into opposite gender." I didn't specify which gender. Non Banana Pro is very clever, so it already understood I'm a man and it turned me into a female character. My physical characteristics are reflected here, including my hair color and eye color. Now, after that, I can take this character and use it contextually. I wrote, "Place this character into a Sims style game and show me in-game screenshot." And you can see that it placed my character into a Sims game. I have the usual Sims diamond on top of my character with in-game user interface details are reflected here. After that, I took all photos I generated. I wrote, "Connect these three images for a YouTube thumbnail showing stepby-step progress with arrows and image divided equally into three parts." And it gave me this, which I can use as a thumbnail. And this simplifies my job so much and saves me basically an hour of work. You can attach your profile photo and ask Nano Banana to create a four* 4 grid starting with the year 1880. And then in this grid, each section should represent the decade and your appearance in that decade including clothing, hairstyle, facial hair, accessories, everything. And then this is what I got. In the end, it made some mistake with 2020s. But rest of it, understanding the eras, the context, the clothing and style of that eras is fantastic. Funny thing is my 1960s version actually looks like Paul McCartney, but most likely it wouldn't. But besides that, it looks very cool. And then I didn't stop here. So I said, take my version from 1930s and create a LinkedIn profile with it. And it gave me a funny name, Arthur Pedleton. Apparently, I'm an historian and vintage enthusiast and there are a lot of Lauram ipsums here. But what I want you to focus on is that LinkedIn profile design. This really looks like a LinkedIn profile page and it actually took the correct photo from the grid because I asked specifically 1930s version and it took the correct one without any mistake. This is really cool stuff. Next use case is attaching your logo and asking Nano Banana Pro to create merchandise with it. It's very simple to use this. All you need to do is attaching your logo and ask model to visualize this logo, print it on various merchandise products, generate realistic photos. You can add new products here like t-shirts, hoodies, whatever. And in the end, it will create this shot. Of course, we don't stop here. I wrote now show a Tik Tok video screenshot of hyperrealistic female model showcasing these products in her vlog. And it gave me this shot. It looks fantastic. It placed the female model showcasing the products with my logo on it. It's a little bit chaotic. So I told model, erase the iPhone mockup and on screen elements only show the model in 4K. And this is what I got. And from this point on, all I need to do is using this as an image to video or adding this to your 3.1. And actually I can create vertical content with this. I can make her talk and move using image to video tool of your choice. Next thing is I attached a very old photo of a mechanical carpet sweeper. This is a very very old product and before Dyson and everything this product was there. So I have this long prompt. You don't need to worry because I will add this prompt down in the description below. This prompt is essentially for creating an isometric view with object separated into its components. It looks like this. It takes the product and separates into parts. And you may ask, okay, like what's the point? Why should I do this? Even the cool thing is you can then take this and use it in Clink's first frame and last frame to create a video like this showcasing your products components in a cool way. The good news is now Nano Banana also arrived to Google Slides. So I created this simple slide. Frankly, you can see that it looks very boring and just the title and text. Now you can see that with nonobanana arriving to Google slides. Now I have this button here, beautify this slide. I'm clicking on it and nonobanana started to work. Nonobanana now created this slide improve the design text and it made it much more prettier. And now I can just click on insert as a new slide and boom, it's right here. before and after. It looks 10 times better. If you are like me and you love transforming your realistic AI films into completely different styles, but most tools you try don't give you the control you need, then you are going to like this. Quick shout out to today's partner, Mago, an end to end video stylization tool I've been using to level up my AI films with stable style transformation without flickering problems. One of my favorite things in Mago is how they integrated every step of the process without needing to use three different apps. I created a new project here and uploaded one of my AI fonts. First step is their image to image workflow. I can choose one of the frames inside of my video and stylize this frame. When I click on it, it will take me to the image to video mode. They have few different models here that I can choose from including Nano Banana Pro and their own model Mago for high control stylization. Let's use Mago. First, I'm going to upload a style reference image. Uploaded this original image of Mona and since this AI film is about Mona and Leonardo da Vinci, it makes sense to use this style for the whole video. I wrote as a prompt, turn it into a Mona style oil painting. And I'm going to generate image. It stylized my frame with oil painting style. And from here I can push this style into the whole video. Same composition, same camera move, but now in this totally new style or using Nano Banana Pro, I can create an anime version of this frame. And this workflow is really flexible for stylization. Mago's main workh horses are the first frame models. Once you decide on your preferred style, you can change the render portion of your video. So you don't have to render the whole thing at once. You can just have a test render as well just to test the waters little bit and see how style looks like in a video format or you can hit generate to render the portion that you selected. Then Mago propagates that look across the whole video. So I keep consistent styling during my whole shot. I can switch between different styles easily and you can render up to 2,000 frames in a single run. So it's much more than 10 seconds. You can also choose a control net that fits your use case. You can maintain a good lip sync with this option. And there are also many advanced settings. I can guide stylization with precision and intent. If I want to go further and swap characters without breaking the scene, I switch to animate model. This one is great because it focuses on character replacement only. It doesn't mess with the background, lighting, or the camera move. I can upload a character reference to swap my character in the liveaction video or generate my character inside Mago. I'm going to click on generate your character and this will bring me to modify frame mode. I switch to Nano Banana Pro and I wrote turn the character into anime but keep the background liveaction photo realistic. I hit generate image. My generation is ready. So my character turned into anime but background stayed the same. Then I'm going to hit use this. I'm in animate mode and I'm going to click on test. Then I can turn my liveaction actor into a stylized anime character and keep the exact same scene. Once I'm happy with the look, there is even a creative upscaler built in. So I can take my stylized video and push it to further in quality without leaving Mago. It's a full videotovideo transformation workflow in one place. Another thing I really like is Mo's vertical timeline. It's perfect when you have lot of shots in one sequence. I can work precisely on a shot with exact frame range, generate a track with certain settings, see what works, what doesn't, tweak few parameters, and then stack and compare different tracks directly on the timeline. That makes it super easy to iterate until I get a stable stylization and character consistency across all the cuts. Right now, Mago is still in closed beta, so there is a wait list. But if you use the first link in the description, you will get direct access. And for my community, use the code jungle to get 60% off your first month of the pro subscription. The link is limited to the first 500 users and to the 5th of December. So, if you want to experiment with anime looks, movie style grading, lip sync, character replacement, and VFX workflows, this is a really good time to jump in. Big thanks to Mago for supporting the channel. I attached the film scene from Godfather where Vito Carone is petting his cat and I wrote, "Generate a realistic behind the scene for this film scene. Show me where the camera is, lights, and use arrows to label the name of the light and what kind of camera or lights were used while shooting this scene. And it gave me that. So, VTO is here, the cat is here, they are in the center. According to Nano Banana Pro, these light projectors were used with this camera, which seems to be correct when you think about the nature of time and then the camera technology back then. It looks like it makes sense. And you can see the whole film crew, even the sound guy is here. Very impressive result. Next use case is about product photography and creating product ads. So I wrote create a studio product photo of a subtle futuristic Nike sneakers allowing people to walk on water surface with its innovative design, studio lighting, and clever branding. And it gave me this futuristic looking product shot with some water on the surface. After that, I wrote, "Show me a female model holding this product and talking about it in her Instagram story. It really looks like an Instagram story, even with the hashtags, which seems to be contextual and correct, but the arm is kind of going out from the frame. It's quite okay." And after that, I wrote, "Show me same model is wearing it. You don't need a professional photo shooting anymore. I can even change how model looks like. I can change every detail in this photo. She's wearing futuristic shoes. And if I upscale this, it would be social media ready basically. And after that I wrote, show me she's walking over water surface with these shoes in the same location. So location is same. Now she's walking over the water surface. As with this product, this was intended use case. While shooting your product at, of course, you will need close-ups of your product. And for this job, I can use free pig spaces. This is not an ad or anything. I just want to show you this workflow. So I'm simply starting with the product photo I created using Nano Banana Pro. And from here I would like to create different camera angles of the same product. So I created two instances of image generation nodes. They are also using Nano Banana Pro and I wrote rotate the camera 90° right and it rotated the camera. Here same. It's just I used a different prompt to see the result. Rotate the whole scene 90 degrees left. Here you can see that logo is a little bit bigger and darker. Here logo is a little bit smaller. So that requires a rerun. Then I add here a clean 2.5 first frame last frame video generation node and I wrote camera orbits around the product and it gave me this cool product shot. Of course, this is not going to be the end result because this certainly requires a roll, but you can see that it looks pretty awesome when you think about it. With a little bit of polishing, this can be used for a real product ad. Nano Banana Pro is also very cool for product design. You can use it for conceptualization and for creating new products basically. So, I wrote create a BMW motorcycle in a futuristic design. design language is resembling a seabboard music keyboard in monochrome colors. So look, I'm mixing up a motorcycle with a keyboard and coming up with something completely new, which looks pretty cool. After that, I can turn this into a product ad. It gave me this result, but I was not like super happy about it because I wanted to ensure that product design is represented here. So I wrote change the wheel of the product so we can see the full design. It gave me this product ad and then I took this to make it and turned it into a airbrushed retro ad poster from 1980s. So I changed the whole wipe of the ad poster but the point is actually showing you how versatile this tool is and you can do so much with it. You are very much aware that you can change camera angle of your shot. So I have this scene and I created a close-up of the car then an high angle crane shot of the same scene. The same scene this time from right above same car from the behind the high angle and from the driver's POV inside the car. So usually you can use first frame last frame on clink and connect these shots together. What I want to show you is there is an alternative way to connect three or more frames instead of just connecting two. And this is a tool called multi frames from Durina. This is not a paid partnership or anything. I just want to show you this. So I'm starting with the first frame then switching to behind the car view and then switching to the inside the car view. So this is much easier than connecting just two frames. As you can see that you can connect three frames and you can even prompt what kind of transition you want to have. So using Nano Banana Pro you can recreate images and photos which doesn't exist from historical context. It is date and time aware meaning that you can create this photo this image of the moment where Berlin wall falls. Of course, this is a moment which were quite a lot of times photographed. But you can use this trick for other things for the moment where Columbus arrives to Bahamas. Of course, we don't have photos of this moment. But now using Nano Banana Pro, you can actually create this. I wrote the exact date and coordinates. Of course, name of the location is also here. And then it gave me this result. I attached an image from internet from Hamburg and I wrote create a handdrawn isometric shemetic diagram of the street and it gave me this diagram. You can see that text is very impressive. Even though it looks very small, it still did a very good job. I can see it mixed up a little bit German and English versions of the instructions but it gave me the isometric view of this location and you can of course do the same thing. So you can give a drawing and ask model to create a photo realistic version of it. I am very much sure that it's coordinate aware up to some degree especially for locations who are well known. So I used this location of a really nice view close to water in Hamburg and it gave me this view exactly from the coordinate that I picked. I attach photo of this character from ancient Egypt. She's dancing and I wrote show me clean grid of 10 documentary style photographs of this woman's day with an hour between each starting at 3:00 p.m. And it plans the whole day. made a tiny mistake where 3 pm and 8 pm is basically the same thing. She's dancing then, but the rest of the hours are nicely populated and it totally makes sense. It's very contextual. It thought of when she would sleep and when she would eat and even drink water and even meditate and you can see that the contextual element is still here. This is a short story happening in ancient Egypt. So, it's very contextual. Another cool use case is you can take any historical event and create an oil painting of this event. This is an oil painting for Proves naval battle of Otman army. So there isn't an oil painting like this but it managed to create one. And after that I asked it to recreate this as a liveaction photo. Of course you can write photo realistic as a keyword as well. So it did an okay job. It still looks a little bit like CGI. So, not perfect, but you can use this method to create photos of events from history which doesn't exist. I'm sure this is going to be so much fun for history nerds. Next fun thing to do is of course playing with maps. So, I asked model to turn real life map of Istanul into an RPG map. add interesting elements and annotations. And then it created this fantasy map with some details like sea monsters and dragons. And I also really like the art style here. And just for fun, then I turned this into an 8bit retro map wheel. Let's say you took a photo and you want to relight it. It managed to change daytime into the nighttime. And just for fun, I wanted to turn this into a vintage porridge photo. and it added a nice note under the Polaroid Jungle Knight 87. Next use case is attaching a photo to Nano Banana Pro of a real location. And this is a location in Hamburg and asking it to find exact coordinates of where this image was taken. And this was very impressive because it managed to understand some of the details directly and it gave me the exact coordinate which is a spot in Huffen City, Hamburg, Germany and it is 100% correct. It's very impressive result is right here. Next use case is creating infographics. You can create an infographic for everything using Nano Balana Pro and it's so much fun. You can even create an infographic for how to make a tea. For example, in this particular case, this is a comparative analysis of Gandalf and Frodo. The model understands that they had a shared common goal which was defeat of Sauron. model understands the storyline and their strengths and weaknesses which is very impressive. In the next use case, I attach my logo and I said turn this into a flat logo design and it gave me this flat version of my logo. After that, I asked model to make it more geometric and it made it simply more geometric. Then I wrote now design a web page layout with this logo and colors and create a website about an online video courses for AI film making. And then it created this web page. This page really requires little bit of polishing. And I didn't stop there. I wrote mocked this up further on a MacBook standing on an elegant rustic table. So it put the webpage layout to a MacBook sitting on a table. logo here got little bit deformed. So there are some issues here and there also some problems here with the text but after that let's say you simply need a screenshot or image in a different language and it's possible to do that. I now here translated the whole thing into Spanish and you can like really zoom in and you can see that there is some distortion of course in the details but the main stuff are mostly correctly translated with some slight distortions can be found in the details repairing photos colorizing them removing fading and upscaling for maximum enhancement. I think this use case is amazing. You can really save old photos of your granddads or grandmoms and just create amazing videos with them. For me, this is a big breakthrough. And I still wanted to show you that you can use this prompt to repair the old photos of your parents. And you can give your grandparents a nice smile, a nice moment by repairing their old photos. Hopefully, this video was truly helpful for you. Don't forget to give a thumbs up and subscribe for more in-depth tutorials. If you want to learn more about future of AI storytelling, click